#summary OOPS Demo Package is a pre-configured example of what can be done with
OOPS. It can also be used in production for simple online offline manuals.

= Features =

The base package allows to setup a simple web manual; the backoffice is based on
[http://www.plone.org Plone], one of the best Open Source Web CMS, and provides
the following features:

== Simple book-alike structure ==

Manuals can be composed with a three levels hierarchical structure:

Book -> Chapter -> Page

Table of contents for Books and Chapters are automatically created. Tabs, 
standard navigation and breadcrumb navigation are automatically created as well.

== Management of images and annexes ==

Beside pages the backoffice allows management of images (diagrams, photos, maps,
etc.) and files (Word Files, Pdf files, etc.). 

Offline updates of images and files are managed separately to reduce bandwidth
usage.

== Collaborative Editing ==

Being based on Plone, the system can manage multiple users and groups with
different level of permissions (read, edit, add, review) that can be set on
different part of the manual.

Contents follow a simple workflow from draft to published, with or without review.

All pages, images and files can be versioned so that changes are tracked
together with the user doing the change and date of the change.

== Search and Advanced Search ==

Contents can be searched both online and offline as in a regular website; an
advanced seach will be included soon.

== Online/offline ==

The content manager for the manual has a control panel to publish all finalized
contents for online and offline consumption. Once published online the whole
manual, or single parts or chapters can be downloaded for offline reading.

Note:The base package do not include yet the automatic generation of the
portable version of the manual.

== Modules ==

This package includes the following modules:
* [https://online-offline-ps.googlecode.com/svn/packages/oops.demo.setup/trunk/ oops.demo.setup]
* [https://online-offline-ps.googlecode.com/svn/packages/oops.demo.dumptheme/trunk/ oops.demo.dumptheme]
* [https://online-offline-ps.googlecode.com/svn/packages/oops.staticdump/trunk/ oops.staticdump]
* [https://online-offline-ps.googlecode.com/svn/packages/oops.dumpers/trunk/ oops.dumpers]
* [https://svn.plone.org/svn/collective/collective.book/trunk/ collective.book]