#summary OOPS Features.

Created for field usage

 _"Taking into account that internet connection in the field can be a challenge, with sometimes limited internet connectivity, the LOG can be used in online or offline mode. The user can download the LOG onto a computer, USB or other storage device and at which point all information can be searched and browsed in the same manner- offline or online. When updating the latest revisions of the LOG, only the revised parts of the LOG will be downloaded."_

Quote from [http://www.logcluster.org/about/blog/logistics-operational-guide Logistics Cluster Blog]
  
=Main features=

==Offline mode==

Publications built with OOPS are available offline directly in the browser. 
Offline mode is available as:
  * portable version
  * web on Gears
  * mobile version
 
===Portable Version===

Publications built with OOPS can be made available in PortableVersion to be downloaded on a USB Key, external Hard Disk or any other storage device.
Portable versions can be created for Windows or MacOS and are based on Portable Google Chrome or Portable Firefox

===Web on Gears===
To support the largest number of browsers and platforms OOPS offline web version runs on Gears (was Google Gears).
Gears is a popular browser plugin.

===Mobile version===
OOPS can generate an optimized version of the site for mobile devices. 
This optimized version can be used also while offline, if the browser supports Web DB Storage emerging standard (HTML5)
The offline is based on Web Local Storage, Web DB Storage and persistence js.

==Updates==

Pages, annexes and other elements of the publication can be updated whenever a connection is available to the user.

The system is optimized to minimize bandwidth and update only the element that have changed.

 
==Generic==

OOPS is a collection of modules that can be used to develop many different publication systems: from a web manual to a wiki, from a simple site to a complete web application.

==Technical features==

    * Pluggable backoffice
    * Dynamic update of contents
    * Offline search and advanced search
    * Full offline navigation
    * Separation of pages and attachment updates
    * Optimized download of annexes and diagrams
    * Portable version customization (look & feel)
    * Speed optimization
    * Cross-browser compatibility
    * Online / Offline status notification.


=Next release=

See [Roadmap]

 